README.md, before:

tl;dr
=====

  * This repository contain documentation about my profile and policies related with development on GitHub.

My profile
----------

  * Name: Naoki OKAMURA a.k.a @nyarla
  * Email: <nyarla@thotep.net>
  * WebSite: <https://nyarla.net> (but it's written by *Japanese*)

My communication policy about on the developments
-------------------------------------------------

  1. My GitHub account is *only* contain public project repositories. which is *only* accepts Pull Request.
  2. I can't manage to community or another people by my personal reason. It's difficult task to me by my disorders.
  3. I can't open to issue or public disscussion board by same reason at section 2.
  4. I recommend to **forking my projects** if you need to community channels or community editions.

### Reason

So I have two disorders which is called as *Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD)*,
and which is called as *Major depressive disorder* by clinical.

And my two disorders makes hard problem to me about communications or managements to another people,
*ASD* makes hard to I feel what another peoples are thinking and feeling,
and *depression disorder* makes to I very tired by text-based communication to another people.

I don't want to make trouble on GitHub or any places by my two diorders, Because I recpect to another peoples and developers.
However, I have two disorders and problem of communications and these will makes to trouble of communicate to another people,
So I think that I can only close to issue or communication channels on GitHub, And I decided it.

Questions and Answers
---------------------

### Q. Where is your old GitHub repositories? Why you delete that?

Sorry, my old repositories are moved to my GitLab account,
and you can access to old repositories on <https://gitlab.com/nyarla/>.

And Reason of my old repositories are moved to GitLab,
I want to separate *public* projects and *personal* projects.

After that I decided, I only use GitHub for my *public* and *accepts pull requests* projects,
and other projects about personal or experimental are putting on GitLab.

History
-------

  * 2019-01-06: First version

Commit message:

improved: better expression on reason section

README.md, after:

tl;dr
=====

  * This repository contain documentation about my profile and policies related with development on GitHub.

My profile
----------

  * Name: Naoki OKAMURA a.k.a @nyarla
  * Email: <nyarla@thotep.net>
  * WebSite: <https://nyarla.net> (but it's written by *Japanese*)

My communication policy about on the developments
-------------------------------------------------

  1. My GitHub account is *only* contain public project repositories. which is *only* accepts Pull Request.
  2. I can't manage to community or another people by my personal reason. It's difficult task to me by my disorders.
  3. I can't open to issue or public disscussion board by same reason at section 2.
  4. I recommend to **forking my projects** if you need to community channels or community editions.

### Reason

So I have two disorders which is called as *Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD)*,
and which is called as *Major depressive disorder* by clinical.

And my two disorders makes hard problem to me about communications or managements to another people,
*ASD* makes difficult to I feel what another peoples are thinking and feeling,
and *depression disorder* makes to I very tired by text-based communication to another people.

I don't want to make trouble on GitHub or any places by my two diorders, Because I recpect to another peoples and developers.
However, I have two disorders and problem of communications, and these will makes to trouble of communicate to another people.
So I think that I can just only close to issue or communication channels on GitHub, And I decided it.

Questions and Answers
---------------------

### Q. Where is your old GitHub repositories? Why you delete that?

Sorry, my old repositories are moved to my GitLab account,
and you can access to old repositories on <https://gitlab.com/nyarla/>.

And Reason of my old repositories are moved to GitLab,
I want to separate *public* projects and *personal* projects.

After that I decided, I only use GitHub for my *public* and *accepts pull requests* projects,
and other projects about personal or experimental are putting on GitLab.

History
-------
  
  * 2019-01-08: Improved expression at Reason section.
  * 2019-01-06: First version
